[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2008 horror film The Strangers
so let's get started after rejecting a
marriage proposal at a friend's wedding
reception Kristen and her boyfriend
James arrived at James's childhood
summer home tired and irritable James
calls his friend Mike to ask him about
picking him up in the morning shortly
after 4:00 a.m. however there is a knock
at the door a young blonde woman asks
for Tamra when they told her that she is
at the wrong house she leaves saying
that she will see them later
James starts a fire in the hearth and
due to the tension between them leaves
to purchase cigarettes for Kristin
Kristin realizes that the chimney is
closed and attempts to open it the smoke
alarm is triggered and while attempting
to disarm it
she is startled by another knock at the
door she drops the alarm to the floor
and retreats to the bedroom she calls
James's cellphone from the landline but
their call is cut short when she returns
to the living room she sees the smoke
alarm sitting on the chair and realizes
that somebody else has been in the house
she hears noises from the backyard and
arms herself with a knife and opens the
curtains to see a man wearing a sack
mask staring at her she stumbles into
the hallway and watches the front door
open when she goes to push the door
closed she sees the blonde woman outside
wearing a doll mask she locks the door
and hides in the bedroom hearing people
outside banging against the walls of the
house
the noise eventually stops and James
returns after she explains what happened
he finds his car has been ransacked
and the blonde woman from earlier
watching from afar his phone's battery
is stolen and he realizes the house has
been breached the couple attempt to
leave in James's car but a third masked
stranger in a pin-up girl mask rear-ends
them with a pickup truck forcing them to
flee back inside the house Kristen and
James find a shotgun and wait for the
intruders in the bedroom Mike arrives
and realizes something is wrong after
seeing the smashed car in the driveway
he enters the house and James mistaking
him for one of the intruders shoots Mike
dead devastated
James remembers an old radio transmitter
in the backyard shed he leaves and
encounters the woman when James tries to
shoot her
the masked man knocks him unconscious
kristan here's the shot and runs to the
shed she finds the radio but the pin-up
girl smashes up Christiane rushes to the
house where she is incapacitated by the
masked man when James and Kristen awake
it is morning and they are tied to
chairs Kristen asks why they are doing
this to which the blonde woman replies
because you were home the strangers then
a mask themselves to the couple off
screen and take turns stabbing the
couple in the stomach and chats before
leaving they drive past two young boys
who are distributing religious pamphlets
Dollface asks for a pamphlet the boy
asks if she is a sinner and she replies
sometimes the strangers drive away as
the pin-up girl says it'll be easier
next time the two boys come up to the
house and discover the chaotic scene one
boy approaches Christin body and as he
reaches out to her she wakes up in
screams so that was the spoilers for the
strangers and he have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check us out in
our various forms of social media and
please look for our monthly giveaways on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]